Revise TLS registry documentation (#44123)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/tls-registry-reference.adoc

+
[source,properties]
----
quarkus.tls.http.reload-period=30m
quarkus.tls.http.key-store.pem.0.cert=tls.crt
quarkus.tls.http.key-store.pem.0.key=tls.key
----

IMPORTANT: Impacted server and client may need to listen to the `CertificateUpdatedEvent` to apply the new certificates.
This is automatically done for the Quarkus HTTP server (i.e. Quarkus REST server, gRPC server, Web Socket server) and
the management interface if it is enabled.

> NOTE: In Quarkus dev mode, files are touched, which will trigger the `CertificateUpdatedEvent` much more frequently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: In Quarkus dev mode, when files are touched, it will trigger the `CertificateUpdatedEvent` much more frequently.
```
